uh-oh we're next
I like a fire first analyze the
situation
don't just Barrel in there without
thinking he doesn't step aside two legs
pardon me my good sir a half asked you
to release that young lady but you
aren't you a damsel in distress I'm a
damsel yeah I'm in distress I can handle
this have a nice day huh ma'am
I'm afraid you may be too close to the
situation really what are you doing
get your sword sword right right we will
number 15 of hero's only as good as his
weapon
I can't do it on his home
come on kid concentrate use your head
not exactly what I had in mind but not
bad oh Jesus I'm I'm really sorry that
was dumb yeah
excuse me
nice work excellent day its mother boy
here for real are you talking about it
cause he's real whoo and by the way
sweet cheeks I'm real - OH
oh that Phil rein it in rookie you can
get away with mistakes like those in the
minor decathlon's but this is the big
leagues at least I beat him didn't I
next time don't let your guard down
because I'm pair of big Google eyes so
it's like I keep telling you you got to
stay focused and are you alright miss my
friends come an egg at least a what if I
had any friends so thank you for a name
wrong with all those uh-huh I'm Hercules
my and my name is Hercules Wonder Boy so
uh how'd you get mixed up with you and
Harold hopes well you know how men are
the bank no means yes can get lost is
take me I'm yours
don't worry shorty here can explain it
to you later
well thanks for everything Herc spinner
rails dice wait um
can we give you a ride I don't think
your printer likes me very much
Pegasus oh don't be silly he'd be more
than happy to
I see something